# Database Structure Review for the `movie` Schema

This document highlights critical design flaws in the `movie` database schema that complicate efficient interaction with
the database and impede optimal entity relationships in ORM frameworks. Key issues are outlined below, with suggestions
for improvements.

### 1. Lack of Foreign Key Constraint between `film` and `film_text` Tables

The `film` and `film_text` tables suffer from a fundamental issue of redundancy and poor normalization due to the
absence of a foreign key relationship. While `film` contains fields such as `title` and `description`, these same fields
are repeated in `film_text`, effectively duplicating data. The absence of a foreign key from `film` to `film_text` 
creates data inconsistency risks and hinders seamless integration of `film_text` content into `film` entities. Instead, 
a single reference (via a foreign key) from `film` to `film_text` would eliminate redundancy, streamline queries, and 
better adhere to normalization principles.

### 2. Cyclic Dependency between `staff` and `store` Tables

One of the most problematic aspects of the schema is the circular dependency between the `staff` and `store` tables. 
Both tables contain foreign key constraints that reference each other and enforce a `NOT NULL` requirement. 
Consequently, it is impossible to insert a record into one table without requiring data in the other. This 
interdependency creates an unresolvable loop unless data pre-population is employed, a workaround that undermines 
relational integrity and adds unnecessary complexity.

In the current implementation, data was populated in these tables by temporarily disabling foreign key checks. While 
this is an expedient solution, it is not a best practice and should not be relied upon in production systems. To resolve
this, it would be advisable to eliminate the `NOT NULL` constraint or consider alternative relational modeling that 
avoids this dependency, such as allowing optional relationships or using intermediary tables.

### 3. Overly Complex Mandatory Relationships and Cascading Constraints

The schema is characterized by an abundance of mandatory constraints across various tables, which burdens the creation 
and maintenance of entities, especially when using ORM frameworks like Hibernate. The proliferation of `NOT NULL` 
constraints complicates the definition of entities and cascades, forcing developers to navigate a rigid structure that 
does not always align well with the requirements of the application logic.

**Recommendation:** Simplify mandatory constraints where possible to allow for more flexibility in data entry and entity 
creation. Reducing the number of enforced constraints could make the database more adaptable, reduce the potential for 
cyclic dependencies, and facilitate cleaner data manipulation operations.

---

**Additional Notes:**

While the schema may fulfill certain structural goals, its current configuration limits scalability and flexibility. 
Simplifying dependencies and enhancing referential integrity would contribute to a more robust, efficient, and 
maintainable database design.
